The Epic has been very interesting, providing a number of examples related to the MagicMirror build process that will carry over to our working in the new Agile way with Devops. The presentations on GitHub where particularly helpful and timely. Being exposed to new coding languages such as NodeJS and development patterns using interchangeable modules has helped me see how working in IT at TJX will change.
The biweekly training sessions where my favourite part of the Epic. The Networking basics covered areas that I would never had thought to look into. They have helped me in being able to better understand discussions around some of the other TJX Epics I now work on.
I found the Epic highly motivating and as a result I have completed a number of personal technology based activities that had stalled. The sessions on Github were very interesting and will help me in future TJX Epics. It would be great if the MagicMirror screens could be used to display useful information at work.
The epic provided me with motivation to go out and learn more about this type of technology, and specifically to implement my own MagicMirror after investigating the modules available. I am looking forward to the next Epic and further using my new PI.
I found this a great opportunity to gain a basic understanding of technology. The hands on sessions where most useful in this regard, with the more technically adept team members all showing patience in helping me take my first steps into this new world. The MagicMirror Epic has provided me with the motivation to learn more and to actually build and use my own PI.
The Epic was very enjoyable, and I found this a great opportunity to learn more about technologies and how they can be used within TJX, such as, code repositories such as GitHub and using APIs to interact between modules in systems.
I am very curious as to how the MagicMirror will look.
I am sure that the goals of the Epic have been met, especially in the areas of demystifying technology, providing opportunities to present to a small group and collaborate in a safe environment. The presentations on GitHub and other real world examples helped bring to life the new development paradigms within TJX. The highlight, apart from the team work building up the MagicMirror, was being invited to present the Epic details at a Microsoft sponsored event.
